**Project folder structure**



    ├── data
    │   ├── 01_raw           <- The original, immutable data dump.
    │   ├── 02_intermediate  <- Intermediate data that has been transformed (intermediate state).
    │   ├── 03_processed     <- Processed or transfomed data.
    │   └── 04_model_input   <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
    │
    ├── docker               <- Dockerfiles to build the images of containers
    │   ├── airflow           
    │   ├── mlflow  
    │   ├── postgres  
    │   ├── use_cases   
    │
    ├── logs                 <- Logs generated by the project
    │
    ├── models               <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries (save trained models (.pkls))
    │
    ├── notebooks            <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
    │                         the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
    │                         `1.0-jqp-initial-data-exploration`.
    │
    ├── documentation        <- Data dictionaries, manuals, and all other explanatory materials.
    │
    ├── reports              <- Generated analysis as HTML, PDF, LaTeX, etc.
    │   └── figures          <- Generated graphics and figures to be used in reporting
    │
    │
    ├── src                  <- Source code for use in this project.
    │   │
    │   ├── download_data                       <- Scripts to download or generate data
    │   │   ├── domain
    │   │   │    └── data_downloander.py
    │   │   ├── application
    │   │   │    └── download_data_use_case.py
    │   │   └── infrastructure.py
    │   │        ├── request_data_downloander.py
    │   │        ├── request_data_downloander_api.py
    │   │        └── requirements.txt
    │   │
    │   ├── validate_data_schema                <- Scripts to validate the schema of the data
    │   │
    │   ├── version_data                        <- Scripts to version data
    │   │
    │   ├── transform_data                      <- Scripts to transform data
    │   │
    │   ├── train_model                         <- Scripts to train a model
    │   │
    │   └── validate_model                      <- Scripts to validate a model
    │
    └── README.md               <- The top-level README for developers using this project.

Observations:
- Not versioning binary/bases files (like trained models) and notebooks (not recommendable because it have metadata)
